[docs][expo-router] update troubleshooting docs to include package.js… (#36935)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/troubleshooting.mdx

registerRootComponent(App);
```

Then, update your app's main entry point in **package.json**:

> ```json package.json
> {
>   /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
>   "main": "index.js"
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```json package.json
{
  "main": "index.js"
  /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
}
```
````

registerRootComponent(App);
```

> You will need to also update your app's main entry point:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, update your app's main entry point in **package.json**:
```

Since this follows from the context of the previous step, let's make sure to imply that and mention the file name.

```json package.json

> {
>   ...
>   "main": "index.js"
>   ... 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
  /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
  "main": "index.js"
```

For consistency in code blocks, we prefer using the annotation to indicate nothing else changes in the file as above.
